In the Padma, why is it called highest teaching? As I said, and we all have heard so many times,
it is the direct, more simple teaching, direct teaching of the primordial wisdom,
and also more simple to discover the primordial wisdom, Dzogchen is so simple.
So, so simple. And so therefore, it's simple as a thing, it's direct,
and there is nothing more profound or more teaching than this.
As I said earlier, even Buddha Samyant Bada Ruhman,
there is nothing, anything more to say than this, as the teaching said.
So that's it. And also this teaching is, as I said,
all other teachings are teachings of that dispelled conception by conception.
Exactly. But this Dzogchen teaching is not conceptual teaching, it is innate primordial wisdom
teaching.
Nogget is teaching. Therefore, it is called highest teaching, the most sophisticated,
more direct teaching. And so now,